Being a Virgo born on September 20th, you possess a calm and serene nature. You are also very creative and quite dreamy.

You also seem to be a great character reader and don't let others get away with anything you don't agree with. You will be in the spotlight at some point in your life, perhaps as you gain more confidence. Prepare to read a comprehensive personality report below.

The zodiac sign for September 20 is Virgo.

Astrological symbol: Maiden. This zodiac symbol is considered to influence those born August 23 - September 22, under the Virgo zodiac sign. It is suggestive for knowledge, tact, purity and abundance.

The Virgo Constellation lies between Leo to the West and Libra to the East on an area of 1294 sq degrees and has Spica as its brightest star. Its visible latitudes are between +80° to -80°, this being one of the zodiac's twelve constellations.

The name Virgo is the Latin name defining Virgin, the September 20 zodiac sign in French it is Vierge and in Greek it is Arista.

Opposite sign: Pisces. On the horoscope chart, this and the Virgo sun sign are on opposite sides, reflecting notoriety and compassion and some sort of balancing act between the two with a creation of opposite aspects at times.

Modality: Mobile. This can tell how much philosophy and superficiality exists in the lives of those born on September 20 and how intellectual they are in general.

Ruling house: The sixth house. This placement suggests servitude, organization and health care and suggests why these carry such an important role in the lives of Virgos.

Ruling body: Mercury. This celestial planet reveals responsiveness and warmth and also highlights perfectionism. Mercury is concerned with day-to-day expression and of all interactions.

Element: Earth. This is an element that brings structure and a sense of practicality in the lives of those born on September 20. Earth associated to the other three elements models or heats up.

Lucky day: Wednesday. This is a day ruled by Mercury, therefore symbolizes freedom and ability and identifies best with the Virgo natives who are talkative .

Lucky numbers: 1, 5, 13, 18, 25.

Motto: "I analyze!"

September 20 zodiac, Virgo

People born on September 20 are incredibly perfectionist, overly organized but also warm and honest. They are reliable with those who've won their trust but they often lose their interest when they have to deal with stupidity or lack of interest. They prefer to do things their own way and although they are highly adaptable, they don't like when they are put to work with extremes. They love when they are surrounded by people as witty as them and are quick to show their enthusiasm.

Positive traits: Brilliant, loyal and caring these natives seem to have the considerate solution for every problem and also a good word for everyone they like. Virgo people are usually determined and opened to everything that means novelty. Those born under this sign are also very patient and considerate with other people. They have a domestic nature so they seek for the stability and security of a loving family.

Negative traits: Understanding that they need to let go of certain things and move on should be a mantra for this worrisome natives who seem to hold long term grudges. Not only it prevents them from engaging with certain people but also offers them an extra stress. Totally surprising, these natives can be quite manipulative and the more gentle they seem, the fierce can get when you cross them.

Lovers born on September 20 are loyal and affectionate. They may not be those partners with whom you party and go on crazy adventures but they sure are those with whom you want to settle. They see a relationship as the union between two souls and are 100% committed once they take settle. They are attracted to intelligent and trustworthy persons whom can offer the same degree of reliability as them. You can conquer the heart of Virgo by being an honest and supportive partner.

They are prudent and circumspect lovers and although not passionate their gentleness and honesty compensate. Their relationships are likely to grow on friendships as they need time to know the person that stays beside them. They offer everything they have to their loved one and ask for the same. Gentle and loving daydreamers now, but when time comes they will prove to be very dedicated to their family and they are likely to sacrifice many of their dreams for their loved one’s sake. They are most compatible with those born on the 2nd, 5th, 9th, 11th, 14th, 18th, 20th, 23rd, 27th and 29th.

September 20 Zodiac people are very attached to the other two earth signs: Taurus and Capricorn as they tend to share the same vision of life. In life, Virgo is in a constant search for a project lover they can support and help develop and the most suitable to give them this occasion is the native in Pisces. The lover in Virgo is thought to be least compatible with Leo. As for the rest of compatibilities between the other star signs and Virgo, you know what they say, stars predispose but people dispose.

Lucky color
Navy blue is the color said to be representative for Virgo people born with September 20.

Navy blue is a hue that indicates elegance and this is increasingly stimulating to the refined Virgo. This zodiac color should be used in objects that surround the natives.

People having navy blue as sign color are sociable and fun loving persons and at some point they might appear as superficial. They are also reasonable, sincere and a trustworthy person, as navy is the color of truth.

Other colors for Virgo people are orange, beige and earth tones.

Representative birthstone
The sophisticated Sapphire is the birthstone defined for September 20 and in general for Virgos.

Sapphire suggests honesty and reliability. This zodiac birthstone is advised to be used in pendants and earrings.

This gemstone helps the wearer turn to his spiritual side and also counterparts negative emotions. Each Sapphire color is said to have its own unique healing properties. This gemstone comes in white, blue and pink shades.

Another precious stone considered beneficial for Virgo natives is Amethyst. It represents sobriety and elegance.

Characteristic flower
The flower considered to be representative for Virgo natives with September 20 is Morning Glory.

Morning Glory is a plant that symbolizes reflection and analysis. This zodiac flower could be used in gifts and accessories.

Morning Glory symbolizes the importance, beauty and quick passage of life. This flower is to be found during early summer mornings.

Other plants indicated for Virgo are Clovers and Poppies.

Symbolic metal
Platinum is the representative metal for those born under the September 20.

This is a metal that symbolizes inner strength and wealth. This zodiac metal could be used in accessories and decorative objects.

This is one of the rarest metals on Earth and so it associated with an exclusive and prestigious status. Platinum is also used as a primary metal in automobile catalytic converters.

Another metal considered influential for Virgo natives is Mercury.

September 20 Zodiac Poll
Those born on September 20 are analytical and very practical so they often come up with ideas and solutions that other people haven't thought about. Their behavior at home and in love suggests that they are big on fidelity and responsibility and sometimes give up passion and fun to have those. In regard to the financial side of their lives, they try to put their careers ahead of everything when they are young so they can provide for their families. When it comes to health, they tend to keep everything monitored and often surf the internet at the smallest nuisance.

At which of the four do you consider people belonging to September 20 are most successful?

Characteristics of September 20.
 September 20 Zodiac belongs to the third decan of VIRGO (September 14-September 22). This decan is under the supervision of the planet Venus. Those born in this period are affectionate and dependable just like a true Virgo and sensual and romantic just as Venus makes them be. This period is said to temper the characteristics of the Virgo zodiac sign.

 Being born on the 20th day of the month shows a person who is patient, task oriented but also imaginative and emotional. The numerology for September 20 is 2. This number reveals balance and partnerships. It is the representative number for the desire of harmony and peace. Those Virgo associated with this numerology can become great mediators and with age they will only turn wiser, gentler and incredibly more considerate to other people.

 September is the first autumn month in the Northern Hemisphere, bringing the return to education and careers after the long summer. Those born in September are motivated and analytical. September 20 Zodiac people are cautious but understanding. The symbols for September include the Sapphire and Sardonyx as gemstones and Aster and Morning glory as plants. The name of this month comes from the Latin “septem”.

 What statistics say about September 20 Zodiac?
 In the Gregorian Calendar, September 20 is the 263rd day of the year or the 264th day in leap years, while until the end of the year there are 102 days left. The twentieth day of autumn, this is also the Universal Children's Day in Germany.

 Virgo is the second most commonly met zodiac sign in the horoscope. Even numbered sign, it is of negative polarity and considered to carry a feminine symbolism. This suggests introvert people who are contemplative and confident only in own capabilities. An archetype often used when talking about this sign is the Martyr. Many billionaires, 12 per cent recognized, are born with Virgo as a sign.

 Famous people born on September 20 under the Virgo zodiac sign: Upton Sinclair, Alexander the Great, Sophia Loren and Juan Pablo Montoya.